# Scenario

You are an MDM engineer at a B2B SaaS tech company. To aid in sales prospecting
and outbound sales motions, the company has acquired contact data from two data
brokers that will enrich the existing contact data in their CRM. Sales teams are
eager to start using this contact data as part of their sales motion, and want a
clean, up-to-date contact list based on all the contact data available.

The data sources for this assessment contain contact data for a synthetic
population, each containing common fields as well as source-specific details.
You will be provided .csv files for each of the source tables.  We’ve included
table descriptions below for your reference.

**1. Create a tool that resolves contact records across all data sources and outputs an up-to-date list of Contacts.**

Tips:
- This tool should work for any other contact CSVs provided by the three contact data sources.
- Consider that data cleanliness includes preventing duplicates, avoiding dropping records, and providing the most up-to-date data available.
- There are many falsehoods about names, phone numbers, and other common pieces of information that ought to should be scrutinized during data cleaning.

**2. Generate a CSV file that represents the current state of all contacts.**

The file must have the following format

| Field Name | Description |
|:--------|:----------|
| `contact_id` | A unique ID for each contact |
| `name` | The contact's full name |
| `email_address` | The contact's work email address |
| `phone_number` | The contact's primary phone number |
| `country` | The country the contact lives in |
| `favorite_color` | The contact's favorite color |
| `title` | The contact's business title with their employer |
| `company_name` | The name of the contact's employer |
| `company_domain` | The domain name for the contact's employer |
| `company_revenue` | The estimated amount of revenue generated by the contact's employer |
| `company_employees` | The estimated number of employees working at the contact's employer |
| `company_industry` | The industry that this company is a part of |
| `intent_signals` | A list of all intent signals received for this contact. |
| `do_not_call` | A boolean indicator that the Contact does not want to be called |
| `created_at` | The date that the Contact was first created |
| `updated_at` | The date that the Contact was most recently updated |


Tips:
- The CSV should use the provided field names
- Consider the data types that you will use for each field.

**3. Write a README document to describes your approach for this exercise**

This document is your opportunity to explain how your solution works, your thought process, and ways to improve this approach in the future. We want to hear about your understanding of the data set, tooling choices, entity resolution approach (design and stakeholder considerations, scalability, etc.), and to understand your overall thought process.  You can share any materials (commented code, pseudocode, sketches, etc.) that will help us understand your solution.
